maybe you wish to tell us in a few
minutes the nature of the discoveries
I'd be happy to but and you're
absolutely right as a matter of fact the
date on here just noticing is um 14
August 1978 which is just about six
weeks after we discovered the fact that
Pluto has a satellite once you have a
satellite for a planet you can determine
how heavy it is it turns out Quito was
very much smaller and lighter late than
we had thought
which meant the pedal has no influence
no appreciable influence on the motions
of the planets Uranus and Neptune at
that point we faced a hypothesis that
this means that there is at least one
yet to be discovered planet in the outer
reaches of the solar system and just
naturally led directly to you and your
interest in what we're doing and that's
when you certainly this big you have
been postulated the existence or the
appearance in some Sun sometimes ago of
a celestial body which you
I think named in Big Data and each other
which may have collided with or somehow
turned on and on their side but Uranus
and Pluto and it did a lot more than
that as a matter of fact on that paper
we hypothesized that this intruder
passed very close to Neptune that it
dislodged one of them what we didn't
think in many satellites in Neptune one
of them became the planet Peter we
actually think blue there was an escape
satellite of Neptune this will also take
the orbit of Titan the big satellite of
Neptune and refer civ and take a little
bit of the satellite near lead and
extended outwards we can produce all of
the observed aspects of the satellite
system in Neptune clusters or the just
witness one single intruding planet one
of the things we did in 1978 hand
made this prediction that there wasn't
an additional plan of 10 to 12 depending
on your point of view it's the next one
you sort of put our money where our
mouth was is it when we went out we
started looking for this thing you know
we've been searching for 12 years for
this thing we've been able to refine the
search area somewhat did it brought and
laid down we do our predictions based on
the observed anomalies and Uranus and
Neptune
we actually are currently looking down
in the region of Centaurus which is just
south of the of the constellation Libra
but very close to the area that you
talked about I think that dr. Anthony
you have a pretty good picture in your
mind of what we're talking about the big
planet the small planet there
well if if it is in the kind of orbit
that we described here it would have to
be a planet that would have amassed
something like three to five times the
mass of the earth this would put it
intermediate between the gaseous planets
like Uranus and Neptune and the
terrestrial planets that we we have in
the inner part of the solar system so if
if this planet turns out to be in a
3,600 year orbit then it's it's mass
would be correspondingly larger that
we're talking about something that's
it's a perfectly reasonable kind of
planet it looks like a good nice planet
on a small enough that it's not going to
be completely involved - gasps it's
perfectly capable of supporting life
forms of entering another this one here
is Samantha the solar system as we know
it the inner planets this is the orbital
panikhida
and this here is the orbit that I have
proposed for the tenth planet where we
think it is right about now in its orbit
this is your other for the planet and
surely it would come out of Sagittarius
in biblical time and that once you allow
for possession it would be around into
Libra by now yeah which is again
approximately the area that we're
looking in